I will appointing
captured on canvas alone in the pro
trade rush strokes bowl it's soft as a
whisper the work of a feminine
surrounded by shadows all lost in a
background
on the blue
we're a plenty
I wouldn't feel and you wouldn't be
breaking my
what about that Oh
therefore all the time wonderful really
really wonderful Ally I hope we wouldn't
start with you but I'm sorry about that
last joke I really am okay fine I
forgive you breathe is good
it was graceful fluid romantic you
melted my heart and the most outstanding
and commendable commendable improvement
of anyone in the competition
you are a dancer there we are
pick the other job in right okay live
well I'm in a bit of a devil-may-care
mood tonight oh you are yes I am open on
us
yeah I can't help it was quiet it was
understated it was beautiful I know
there was three places where you did at
oh where you did should have done a hill
but I'm not even gonna worry about it I
hope we can keep you like that brunette
but it was the tour we were like
watching the love connection I never
seen so much chemistry so well directed
all through the dance swept away the
king of romance a star turn
how about you well unlike Len I do worry
about those things I thought actually it
was beautiful Craig Revel Horwood 9
younggook
I have now the growing high score of the
competition so far Alicia wait you can
play now I'll hold you I think that they
might need supporting as well oh that's
got to feel good
absolutely fantastic